Update README.md (#2)
aniholo/aniholo-backend: README.md

# aniholo-backend

Backend for AniHolo

## Getting started

> Make sure you've got [python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) installed (and `pip`, which comes with python>=2.7.9).

Reviewer: Minor suggestion: can we make it clear that we are using Python 3.6.5?
```suggestion
Make sure you've got [Python 3.6.5](http://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-365/) installed (and the `pip` package manager, which should be included by default in Python 3 versions > 3.4).
```
